I'll add that he said of me when he made
also Waltons theme it was likely a very
important as a clinician okay a brother
she killed from the United Emirates and
ocelots application India and
congregation after the front seller is
this something from the Salahi Hospital
were all Muslims at large we have to
abide by a very interesting and
beautiful Islamic bylaw with regards to
worship whatever about that the prophet
sallallaahu on es la Macedon one hadith
eight abbi rule well Teddy Teddy who
follow and do not innovate not a single
narration not a single hadith not even a
week or fabricated hadith informed us
that the Prophet SAW Allah said I'm used
to gather his companions after the
prayer what he instructed them after the
prayer to raise our hands and make
congregational draw people made of
things and admitted him to their bed at
which would be rejected the prophet
sallallaahu him said in our issues
Hadees ready Allahu Allah and how are
Baja men a hadith Fe and marina have
lazy men who for who are on somebody's
gonna pop oven say chef but this is a
good thing isn't it
I say it is but it was not prescribed as
a matter of fact don't you think it's a
good thing to pray an Excel raka in
mother if instead of leaving the poor
mother only see the lockers your mind
might tell you that it's a good thing
but it would be rejected the whole
prayer would be invalid so follow and do
not innovate making dua is prescribed
and described throughout your entire
life any time raise your hands and ask
Allah subhana tar but not in times which
you think that this time it is a must to
do this door and in congregation because
it is a part of the prayer to the extent
yeah he some people think that after the
Salah I have to turn right I left and
she can say Hanuman and Gemma they think
this is an inseparable part from the
mandate of the prayer which is not once
somebody was praying with me in the
harem and harriman which means this is
an Arabic care tradition and sale which
means may Allah grant us a prayer in the
harem message already here in the home
you know
it's a it's a tradition that the Prophet
SAW Allah said and did not prescribe no
dead desert location